make sure the domain account has Log On As a Service right.

this is the powershell:


```
$suser = 'openvista\smgrcmapp'
$spwd = '4h4xqEKox2FSP4dlEv7S'

Function fnChangeServiceCredential($sservice) {

    $oService = Get-WmiObject -Query "SELECT * FROM Win32_Service WHERE Name = '$sservice'"
    $oService.Change($null,$null,$null,$null,$null,$null,"$suser","$spwd")

}

fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkHL7ToIcsDb_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkHL7ToEngineHL7_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkEventToSislnkHL7_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential OEPrintProc_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential OEChargeProc_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsTrigToSislnkEvent_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsTransService_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsStmToIcsTrig_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsPrintService_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsNotificationService_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential EngineHL7ToSislnkHL7_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential Collector_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential CDRProcessor_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential BillingService_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential BckgrndFreqProc_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential ARPayProc_SMGProd
fnChangeServiceCredential DBSnapshotService_SMGProd

fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkHL7ToIcsDb_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkHL7ToEngineHL7_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential SislnkEventToSislnkHL7_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential OEPrintProc_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential OEChargeProc_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsTrigToSislnkEvent_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsTransService_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsStmToIcsTrig_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsPrintService_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential IcsNotificationService_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential EngineHL7ToSislnkHL7_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential Collector_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential CDRProcessor_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential BillingService_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential BckgrndFreqProc_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential ARPayProc_SMGTest
fnChangeServiceCredential DBSnapshotService_SMGTest
```

